I came as soon as you called me
How about Subo?
The doctor said my dad told me about his popularity
His health is not optimistic
Love, what should I do?
Don't worry, it's alright.
I will find him the best doctor
Hua Qing, can you do me a favor?
Besides, can you marry me?
I know you were hurt deeply by your ex-wife
But we're just faking it
Maybe.
Maybe my dad will get better as soon as he's happy
nostalgia
In your most difficult time
Our family has helped you a lot.
This time
It's your turn to help me, okay?
Hello, the number you dialed is empty.
Please check and dial again.
Contact someone who can't be reached
It's the only way I miss Zhou Huajing
I hurt him so much years ago
According to people familiar with the matter
Zhou Huaijin, Chairperson of DX Technology
Will be next week
Encounter with Tianheng Group's daughter Su Qiqi
Hold an engagement ceremony
The two have worked together for many years to develop the group
Now it has finally come to fruition
Many netizens praised these two as talented women
Match Made in Heaven Mom
Uncle Zhou got married
Di, wake up.
What about Uncle Zhou?
Already have a life of my own
Let's not disturb him.
Hmm go
Mom has prepared a cake for you
Mom, go and turn off the lights
Little brother is going to make a wish
I hope I don't get sick again.
So mom doesn't have to work so hard
Did Xiao Di make a good wish?
Di
Di, Di